WIP: Docs final (#4371)
garden-io/garden: docs/using-garden/configuration-overview.md

The [project configuration](./projects.md) file should be located in the top-level directory of the project's Git repository. We suggest naming it `project.garden.yml` for clarity, but you can also use `garden.yml` or any filename ending with `.garden.yml`.

> In addition, each of the project's [actions](./actions.md)' should be located in that actions's top-level directory. Actions define all the individual components of your project..

Reviewer: typofixes
```suggestion
In addition, each of the project's [actions](./actions.md) should be located in that action's top-level directory. Actions define all the individual components of your project.
```

## Including/excluding files and directories

> By default, all directories under the project root are scanned for Garden actions. Depending on the action kind and type files in the same directory as an action configuration file might be included as source files for that action. Often, you need more granular control over the context, not least if you have multiple actions in the same directory.

Reviewer: perhaps a clarifying separating comma to avoid reading/grouping as "action kind and type files"
```suggestion
By default, all directories under the project root are scanned for Garden actions. Depending on the action kind and type, files in the same directory as an action configuration file might be included as source files for that action. Often, you need more granular control over the context, not least if you have multiple actions in the same directory.
```

Reviewer 2: Also: ...files in the same directory as ***the*** action configuration...

an -> the
